CHAPTER XI.
FOR PROSPERITY
God is my unfailing supply, and large sums of money come to me quickly, under grace, in perfect ways.
FOR RIGHT CONDITIONS
Every plan my Father in heaven has not planned shall be dissolved and dissipated, and the Divine Idea now comes to pass.
Only that which is true of God is true of me, for I and the Father are one.
FOR FAITH
As I am one with God, I am one with my good, for God is both the giver and the gift. I cannot separate the giver from the gift.
FOR RIGHT CONDITIONS
Divine Love now dissolves and dissipates every wrong condition in my mind, body, and affairs.
Divine Love is the most powerful chemical in the universe, and dissolves everything which is not of itself.
FOR HEALTH
Divine Love fills my consciousness with health, and every cell in my body is filled with light.
FOR THE EYESIGHT
My eyes are God's eyes. I see with the eyes of Spirit. I see clearly the open way. There are no obstacles on my pathway. I see clearly the perfect plan.
FOR GUIDANCE
I am divinely sensitive to my intuitive leads, and give instant obedience to Thy will.
FOR THE HEARING
My ears are God's ears. I hear with the ears of Spirit. I am non-resistant, and am willing to be led. I hear glad tidings of great joy.
FOR RIGHT WORK
I have a perfect work in a perfect way. I give a perfect service for a perfect pay.
FOR FREEDOM FROM ALL BONDAGE
I cast this burden on the Christ within, and I go free.